README.en-US.md, before:

English | [简体中文](./README.md)

<img src="./docs/logo.png" >

<h2 align="center">Simple · Practical · Leading Edge · Innovation</h2>

## Overview

Here is a minimalist-style backend management UI framework.
👉[[Turbo]back-end](https://github.com/ClearXs/Turbo.git)

## Features

- 👊 Simple: Incorporating Semi-UI for a crisp and refreshing interface style.
- 💢 Leading Edge: The built-in form designer based on Alibaba's Designable for secondary development.
- 🥮 State Manager: Utilizing Recoil for internal state management of the built-in components.
- 🏟 Practical: In addition to the provided form designer, it also boasts a wide array of user-friendly components.
- ...

## Install

```bash
npm install
```

## Run

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Package

```bash
npm run build
```

## Preview

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview1.png" alt="preview1"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview2.png" alt="preview2"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview3.png" alt="preview3"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview4.png" alt="preview4"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview5.png" alt="preview5"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview6.png" alt="preview6"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview7.png" alt="preview7"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview8.png" alt="preview8"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview9.png" alt="preview9"/></td>
    </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

feat: upgrade react to 18.3.1 and others to latest. change original dependency "designable" to @clearx/** repository. and replacement state manager framework to mobx. and fix some problems and improvement code.

README.en-US.md, after:

English | [简体中文](./README.md)

<img src="./docs/logo.png" >

<h2 align="center">Simple · Practical · Leading Edge · Innovation</h2>

## Overview

Here is a minimalist-style backend management UI framework.
👉[[Turbo]back-end](https://github.com/ClearXs/Turbo.git)

## Features

- 👊 Simple: Incorporating Semi-UI for a crisp and refreshing interface style.
- 💢 Leading Edge: The built-in form designer based on Alibaba's Designable for secondary development.
- 🥮 State Manager: Utilizing mobx for internal state management of the built-in components.
- 🏟 Practical: In addition to the provided form designer, it also boasts a wide array of user-friendly components.
- ...

## Install

```bash
npm install
```

## Run

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Package

```bash
npm run build
```

## Document

```bash
pnpm run storybook
```

## Preview

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview1.png" alt="preview1"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview2.png" alt="preview2"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview3.png" alt="preview3"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview4.png" alt="preview4"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview5.png" alt="preview5"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview6.png" alt="preview6"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview7.png" alt="preview7"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview8.png" alt="preview8"/></td>
        <td><img src="./docs/docs/images/preview9.png" alt="preview9"/></td>
    </tr>
</table>
